Add private backlinks (#41)
wnfs-wg/spec: spec/private-wnfs.md

  version: "0.2.0"
  // encrypted using deriveKey(ratchet)
  header: Encrypted<CBOR<PrivateNodeHeader>>
  // encrypted using deriveKey(previousRatchet) where inc(previousRatchet) = ratchet

>   previous: Encrypted<CBOR<Array<CID>>>

Reviewer: Not sure if good idea or bad idea: `s/previous/history/` 🤔

Reviewer: No, definitely not. "History" implies that it's the entire history. I think we had this discussion before 😛

}
```

### 3.1.1 Node Headers

Node headers MUST be encrypted with the key derived from the node's skip ratchet: the "content key". Headers MUST NOT grant access to other versions of the associated node. Node headers are in kernel space and MUST NOT be user writable. Refer to [§3.2.3 Pointers & Keys](#323-pointers--keys) for more detail.

### 3.1.2 Node Metadata

Node metadata is the userland equivalent of the node's header.

> ### 3.1.3 Node Previous

Reviewer: Friendly suggestion: perhaps "previous link" or "node previous link" (or wrap it in scare quotes). I had to read the sentence below a couple times to realize that it wasn't a grammatical error and you were trying to say "the previous link on this node"

Author: Yeah, I agree. I changed it to "Node `previous` Backlinks" and reworded the first sentence a bit.

> The node "previous" links is an encrypted binary ascending order sorted CBOR list of CIDs this node was based on when constructed. This value MUST be encrypted with the ratchet key derived from the previous skip ratchet relative to the current node.

Reviewer: Style suggestion:

```suggestion
The `previous` link provides an encrypted back-pointer to any direct causal dependencies (the previous version of this node). The encryption protects from metadata leakage from agents that do not have access to the relevant node.

The `previous` link MUST be a encrypted CBOR list sorted by CID in binary ascending order. This value MUST be encrypted with the same skip ratchet key as referred to in the particular link.
```

(The above could probably be tighter, but you get the idea)

Special attention should be paid to the relationship of the skip ratchet to content keys. There is a parallel structure between the skip ratchets and the content hierarchy. The primary difference is that access to _only_ a content key does not grant access to other revisions, where having access to a skip ratchet includes the next revisions and the ability to derive the content key.

> ### 3.1.7.2 Revision Key Structure

Reviewer: We really need an auto-number-er of some kind 🤔

Author: Agree, but also, why do we number these sections?
